Update http3.md (#23335)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/servers/kestrel/http3.md

## Localhost testing

> * Browsers do not enable HTTP/3 on localhost/loopback connections: to test with a browser, run the client and server on separate machines, using a VM or in WSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Browsers do not enable HTTP/3 on localhost or loopback connections. To test with a browser, run the client and server on separate machines. For example, use a Virtual Machine, [Windows Subsystem for Linux](/windows/wsl/), or [Windows Sandbox](/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-sandbox/windows-sandbox-overview).
```
